---
name: Alberie Xhemaili
image: '/images/uploads/alberie_xhemaili.jpg'
image_lg: '/images/uploads/alberie_xhemaili@2x.jpg'
---

Albërie Xhemaili  a  22 years old from Kumanovo a feminist, revolutionary spirit ,activist and ambitious  woman .I  have studied international communication at South East European University in Skopje. During my bachelor studies I have been receiver of major scholarships inside of North Macedonia and abroad. For three years of my studies I have been  studying  and experiencing a variety of global changes and issues . My focus was on achieving successful studies in international analysis of important issues. I have finished an Internship at the ALSAT TV where I was serving   as a Journalist and Moderator   in the Cultural Program. Currently I am enrolled in a master program me  studying Diplomacy and International Relations at South East European University . Besides the successful studies I have achieved, I showed an interest to participate in the small-scale project implementations of LEAD MK 3 Fellowship Program where I am involved in my capacity fellow by implementing a  project “Make Youth Aware of Fake News”. The subject of the project in efforts to identify fake news in North Macedonian media as a key skill in media and information literacy. The goal of the project is to inform, and educate high school students   on the negative impact of fake news in society,  equip young people with knowledge and skills to discover the verifiability of given news. The Journalism profession gives  me the space to reflect and raise awareness to the most sensitive issues and challenges that citizens  face in everyday life such as: climate and air pollution, corruption, human rights, marginalized groups rule of law and  liberal democracy  new strategies for policy making, the strategy of enlargement etc.

My major driving forces that motivate me to be a good journalist are   to hold the powerful accountable and to right wrongs, and also to give  voice to people who don’t have a voice” and getting a “chance to afflict some who are unjustly comfortable. I want to work hard and cultivate the better sources, including  good sources such as reliable people : experts ,witnesses etc.